 Hello to everyone. My name is Viva Comanica. I'm a Danish physician, MD, PhD.
 Many of you have asked if I could make a short video in English, so I'll try and do my best.
 I have been following the whole corona crisis from the start.
 The literature, the scientific literature, the data, especially the Danish data, of course.
 And I have seen how much misinformation there has been from the government, from the press, for many odd reasons.
 But nevertheless, this one will be a short video concerning the situation with the Danish football player Christian Eriksen.
 He had, more than a week ago, a cardiac arrest on the football ground in the midst of a football game here in Copenhagen.
 And I know that I share with many of my colleagues the thought that many of us thought when he had his cardiac arrest,
 which was, of course, a big tragedy. Thank God he survived, and now he has a pacemaker.
 But nevertheless, had the same thought. Has he been vaccinated? And why so?
 Well, the reason is that there is going on a big discussion in the medical environment,
 and especially based on data from CDC in the States, because the States has been vaccinating a lot of people,
 many, many millions, but has also seen a rise in a very rare side effect as myocarditis,
 which can bring on arrhythmia and, in worse scenario, sudden cardiac arrest or sudden cardiac death.
 So, just the day before, the Danish medical agency Lemensstyrelsen, together with the European Medical Agency,
 sent out a note for all the Danish doctors concerning the situation with myocarditis,
 and also that they were looking into this matter. Of course, they are.
 And if you follow CDC also, you will see that the Center for Disease Control in the States,
 you will see that they are also very concerned about this side effect, although it may be rare.
 It seems to affect especially young people, younger than 30, and primarily seems to be men, or at least more men than women.
 So, it is of a big concern, because you also have to look into, well, what is the cost of a vaccine for the person,
 him or herself, what is the reason for the vaccine, and so on.
 So, for me and for many other doctors, it was a proper and very simple question to ask.
 For some odd reason, the press, the international press, the Danish press, has lacked the willingness to put on this question.
 We have a short answer the same day he fell on the court from a doctor from the football club, which he is part of in Italy,
 and after that we haven't heard anything, which I think is a big mistake, because we need to have an answer,
 because of the trust into football, the trust into the vaccines, we need to know.
 So, I'm not saying that is the case, I just put forward that very simple question,
 which I think we should share with the whole World Press Association, because this has such a great impact,
 not only on football and the trust in football, but of course also to get more knowledge of the vaccines,
 and what it does to, as here, professional athletes.
 So, let's get an answer, let's put forward that question, it's a simple question, it is obvious.
 I'm not sure why the Danish and the international press are lacking their willingness of putting that question forward.
 It may be stupidity that they don't understand why we think there is a connection,
 and it may be unwillingness because of many, many things.
 I don't have the answer on that, I'm just very confused, actually shocked,
 that there is such a lack of willingness to put forward that question.
 But nevertheless, now you have my explanation, and I hope that you understand why it's so important.
 I hope that you are aware that there is going on this big concern about the myocarditis among young people,
 especially young people, and I think we need to have a proper answer on the whole matter,
 and I think we need to keep an open mind for, let's say, side effects, for the effects of course, but also for the side effects.
 That's the way we do it usually in the medical world,
 and that's how we should continue to do, to keep an eye on what the side effects may be,
 and of course, what's the price for the, I'm not talking the price in dollars,
 but what is the price for the individual to have that vaccine, what is the risk for that individual,
 and of course the risk is bigger the less you'll get the disease you're being vaccinated against,
 and therefore, which side effects.
 But nevertheless, that was a short video just to try and explain in English the connection,
 and why it seems to be such an urgent, but also such a relevant question to ask,
 whether Christian Eriksen was vaccinated, and it should be a very easy, peasy thing to answer also,
 so I look forward to get that answer.
 Have a nice day, take care, and be happy. Bye bye.
